feat(image-adapters): allow custom image sources (FC-1256) (#661)
front-commerce/developers.front-commerce.com: versioned_docs/version-2.x/appendices/migration-guides/index.mdx

import Tabs from "@theme/Tabs";
import TabItem from "@theme/TabItem";

## `2.23.0` -> `2.24.0`

## ImageAdapters without multiple sources

In the version we extended the `ImageAdapters` feature allow an adapter to

> change how sources are genereated for the srcSet, to allow this, we had to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
change how sources are generated for the srcSet, to allow this, we had to
```

If you have overriden this file, you will need to update it to match the new
implementation.

```js title="src/web/theme/components/atoms/Image/makeImagesProps.js"
// add-next-line
import imageAdapters from "./adapters";

const makeImgProps = (baseUrl, src, format, bg, cover, fluid) => {
  // [..]

  // add-start
  const sourcesExtensions = imageAdapters.getSupportedExtensions(
    src,
    bg === "transparent"
  );
  const defaultExtension = imageAdapters.getDefaultExtension(src);
  // add-end

  return {
    // remove-next-line
    src: makeImgSrc(src, format, sizes[0], bg, extension, cover, baseUrl),
    // add-next-line
    src: makeImgSrc(src, format, sizes[0], bg, defaultFormat, cover, baseUrl),
    sources: sourcesExtensions.map((extension) => ({
      // remove-next-line
      type: `image/${extension}`,
      // add-next-line
      ...(extension ? { type: `image/${extension}` } : {}),
      srcSet: makeImageSrcset(
        baseUrl,
        src,
        format,
        sizes,
        bg,
        extension,
        cover,
        fluid
      ),
    })),
  };
};
```

> We also added two optional methods `getSupportedExtensions` and
> `getDefaultExtension` to allow an adapter to change how sources are genereated
> for the srcSet, see the

Reviewer: It could be simplified to prevent rewriting the same sentence than before
```suggestion
We also added two optional methods `getSupportedExtensions` and
`getDefaultExtension` to adapters
```
